every action you take leaves behind a "temporal clone"-like thing that last for 4 turns. Many abilities work on these clones.

General theme:
Abilities reducing their paradox usage based on how many targets they hit?

Lots of blinks, melee damage.

Ability:
Returns you to the manifested clone / use an ability with your oldest clone as the target of the talent

Ability:
Step through all your temporal clones, dealing damage around them

Ability passive:
on death, returns you your manifested clone, then goes on cooldown. Possibly some other drawbacks.

Ability:
lets you send all debilitating affecting you forward in time, letting you avoid them for a little while

Ability:
blink to targetted position. position has to be adjecent to an enemy. Gives you an attack against hte enemy on blink

Ability:
Phase out of existence for a couple of turns, preventing enemies from targetting you. Time passes as usual

Ability:
Choose a clone and blink to it

Ability:
Stop time and blink to a number of locations in succession, creating clones.

Ability:
Instantly go back in time to one of your clones, and force your enemies to attack where you just were (or the newly created clone if you will) for one turn

Passive:
Reduces paradox when you hit enemies with your weapons

Ability:
"dash" through an enemy, ending up "perpendicular" to it. Can only be used if the place you end up is not blocked


#### Currently "implemented" ####

*Timethief
	Blessing of the past - passive, not unlearnable, learned at birth
	Back to the past - Returns to your last clone
	Aura of Sloth - Slows in radius
		alternatively: more slow closer/further away enemies are
		Additionally, apply some debuff that grows in power as they continue staying in range (just not make it too much like gloom)
	Timely dash - Dash through target and daze

*Timephase

*Others
    stabbystab - Instant melee attack with low cooldown, your main offensive attack, reduced cd by teleporting to clones? by teleporting?
        ^ Or, better idea, not instant, but increases the duration of the clones. This way you dont lose any clones but its not a super free move that is insanely kiteable
	tick tick time to stop - Stop time for a number of turns/untill paradox failure, lets you setup clones and position yourself and enemies. Long cooldown? No damage? How should you be able to place clones?
	passive - Bonus temporal damage on hits that increases each time you hit targets or move more than 1 square each turn, decreasing over time? Maybe clones will attack nearby enemies for this damage too?
	something - Time stops, you can teleport between clones (maybe enemies), dealing damage somehow, for x amount of times etc.
	passive - Bonus damage attacks on using spells, and bonus damage to spells on doing attacks?
	something - Shoot projectiles towards your clones? toward a clone? with knockback?
	passive - projectiles are shot from your original position to your new position when you mvoe more than 1 distance. Possibly homing? effect both on enemies and allies? maybe even on clones
	Cause your temporal clones to turn into temporary walls?
	aoe mapeffect that modifies projectiles
	absorb damage as paradox gain, but chance of anomalies upon taking damage

*Level 10 unlockable tree, Damage Wells
	1st talent: causes certain talents to drop a paradox well on the floor, causing minor damage to enemies in radius 1. The support guy can "activate" them for different effects.

Misc -- Not sure which one should have them
	Somehow create a wall?
	tile 1 map effect wells that can be used by other skills
	Channeled ability


Second character - Support/ranged-ish with psi archery
	Psi grappling arrow: pulls you and another creature towards each other, ending up as close to one another as possible (stopped by obstacles)

	Shoot a target to store the target hit's exact state on hit. After 3 turns, the target is returned to this state (like weaver ult), but: if enemy: debuffs have their duration increased by 3, if ally: buffs have their duration increased by 3

	Shoot a target to inflict a debuff that deals damage per turn. The damage dealt increases every turn (so debuff extension makes it cause more damage)

	Send out a slow moving orb. At any time, the other you (the first you) can teleport to it. If the orb hits enemies, it slows them. Also bounces at walls.

	for x turns all your arrow attacks will knockback enemies.

	Rebound shot: like slimespit but the first target is your other self or soemthing

	Shoot an enemy an push it towards your other self

	Shoot a beam, force target to the other you
